chore: update versions (#4)
ApeWorX/ape-template: README.md

# ape-template

The ape-template plugin allows you to use cookiecutter to template an ape project.

## Dependencies

* [python3](https://www.python.org/downloads) version 3.7.2 or greater, python3-dev

> * [cookiecutter](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/2.0.2/) version 2.1.1

Reviewer: It seems redundant to re-list `install_requires` items (from `setup.py`) here (both `eth-ape` and `cookiecutter`).

## Quick Usage

Use `-h` to list all the commands.

```bash
ape template -h
```

> Template use example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the `template` command, provide either a GitHub repository ID or a raw URI:
```

```bash
ape template gh:<github org>/<project>

ape template <URI>

> ```

Reviewer: Can we have a new line in between code blocks and paragraphs?

> [cookiecutter docs](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on Cookiecutter, see their [documentation](https://cookiecutter.readthedocs.io/en/stable/).
```
